Mom has been in a coma for so long
You're finally awake.
Can't you?
Grandma is
It was Fu Chen who hit me
He wants to hurt you and your father
Dad used to be sorry for you.
I shouldn't have pushed you towards that villain
You call your father over
Mom wants to apologize to him in person
All the time
Mom misunderstood him
What about Fuxing? Why didn't he come with you?
Fuxing he used to be
How is the little lover
uncle
Watch out for him, you still remember the lost treasure star
I only have two sons
It doesn't count if you kill one
You don't even let go of the last one.
Are you trying to make us rich?
I'm sorry, prince
Go away, be careful I don't need a woman like you
A woman like you
I will never let you into the door of our rich family